README.md, before:

# Workplace Prompts MCP Server

A Model Context Protocol (MCP) server that exposes workplace productivity prompts as resources, prompts, and tools. Available in both HTTP and stdio implementations.

## Features

- **20 workplace prompts** organized into 4 categories:
  - Communication & Writing
  - Meetings & Collaboration
  - Problem Solving & Decision Making
  - Organization & Productivity

- **Three MCP primitives:**
  - **Resources**: Access prompts as readable resources
  - **Prompts**: Use prompts with parameter substitution
  - **Tools**: Execute prompts with user input

## Installation

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

### HTTP Server

Start the HTTP server:

```bash
python mcp_http_server.py
```

The server will run on `http://localhost:3000`

**Available endpoints:**

- `POST /mcp/v1/initialize` - Initialize connection
- `POST /mcp/v1/resources/list` - List all prompt resources
- `POST /mcp/v1/resources/read` - Read a specific prompt
- `POST /mcp/v1/prompts/list` - List all available prompts
- `POST /mcp/v1/prompts/get` - Get a prompt with arguments
- `POST /mcp/v1/tools/list` - List all available tools
- `POST /mcp/v1/tools/call` - Execute a tool

**Example request:**

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:3000/mcp/v1/resources/list \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{}'
```

### stdio Server

Run the stdio server:

```bash
python mcp_stdio_server.py
```

The server reads JSON-RPC requests from stdin and writes responses to stdout.

**Example request (via stdin):**

```json
{"jsonrpc": "2.0", "id": 1, "method": "resources/list", "params": {}}
```

## MCP Methods

### Resources

**List resources:**
```json
{"method": "resources/list", "params": {}}
```

**Read resource:**
```json
{
  "method": "resources/read",
  "params": {
    "uri": "prompt://communication-writing/write-professional-email"
  }
}
```

### Prompts

**List prompts:**
```json
{"method": "prompts/list", "params": {}}
```

**Get prompt with arguments:**
```json
{
  "method": "prompts/get",
  "params": {
    "name": "communication-writing/write-professional-email",
    "arguments": {
      "recipient": "Sarah Johnson",
      "topic": "Q4 budget review"
    }
  }
}
```

### Tools

**List tools:**
```json
{"method": "tools/list", "params": {}}
```

**Call tool:**
```json
{
  "method": "tools/call",
  "params": {
    "name": "meetings-collaboration/create-meeting-agenda",
    "arguments": {
      "input": "Sprint planning meeting for next week"
    }
  }
}
```

## Prompt Categories

### Communication & Writing
- `write-professional-email` - Draft professional emails
- `rewrite-for-clarity` - Improve text clarity
- `adapt-message-for-audience` - Adjust tone for different audiences
- `draft-meeting-invite` - Create meeting invitations
- `summarize-long-email` - Summarize email threads

### Meetings & Collaboration
- `create-meeting-agenda` - Structure meeting agendas
- `summarize-meeting-notes` - Organize meeting notes
- `create-action-items-list` - Extract tasks from notes
- `prep-questions-for-meeting` - Generate thoughtful questions
- `draft-follow-up-email` - Write meeting follow-ups

### Problem Solving & Decision Making
- `identify-root-cause` - Analyze workplace issues
- `compare-options` - Evaluate multiple solutions
- `decision-criteria` - Define decision frameworks
- `risk-assessment` - Assess plan risks
- `recommend-best-option` - Provide recommendations

### Organization & Productivity
- `document-daily-priorities` - Prioritize daily tasks
- `create-weekly-plan` - Build weekly schedules
- `summarize-long-document` - Create document summaries
- `brainstorm-solutions` - Generate solution ideas
- `write-project-update` - Draft status updates

## Configuration with Claude Desktop

To use with Claude Desktop, add to your config file:

**For stdio version** (`claude_desktop_config.json`):
```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "workplace-prompts": {
      "command": "python",
      "args": ["/path/to/mcp_stdio_server.py"]
    }
  }
}
```

**For HTTP version:**
Start the HTTP server separately, then configure Claude Desktop to connect to `http://localhost:3000`

## Architecture

Both implementations follow the MCP specification and provide the same functionality through different transport layers:

- **HTTP**: REST-style endpoints for easy integration and testing
- **stdio**: JSON-RPC over stdin/stdout for direct process communication

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Update README with link to workplace prompts article
Added a link to the original article for prompts.

README.md, after:

# Workplace Prompts MCP Server

A Model Context Protocol (MCP) server that exposes workplace productivity prompts as resources, prompts, and tools. Available in both HTTP and stdio implementations. Prompts can be found in the original article at https://academy.openai.com/public/clubs/work-users-ynjqu/resources/chatgpt-for-any-role[https://academy.openai.com/public/clubs/work-users-ynjqu/resources/chatgpt-for-any-role]

## Features

- **20 workplace prompts** organized into 4 categories:
  - Communication & Writing
  - Meetings & Collaboration
  - Problem Solving & Decision Making
  - Organization & Productivity

- **Three MCP primitives:**
  - **Resources**: Access prompts as readable resources
  - **Prompts**: Use prompts with parameter substitution
  - **Tools**: Execute prompts with user input

## Installation

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

### HTTP Server

Start the HTTP server:

```bash
python mcp_http_server.py
```

The server will run on `http://localhost:3000`

**Available endpoints:**

- `POST /mcp/v1/initialize` - Initialize connection
- `POST /mcp/v1/resources/list` - List all prompt resources
- `POST /mcp/v1/resources/read` - Read a specific prompt
- `POST /mcp/v1/prompts/list` - List all available prompts
- `POST /mcp/v1/prompts/get` - Get a prompt with arguments
- `POST /mcp/v1/tools/list` - List all available tools
- `POST /mcp/v1/tools/call` - Execute a tool

**Example request:**

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:3000/mcp/v1/resources/list \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{}'
```

### stdio Server

Run the stdio server:

```bash
python mcp_stdio_server.py
```

The server reads JSON-RPC requests from stdin and writes responses to stdout.

**Example request (via stdin):**

```json
{"jsonrpc": "2.0", "id": 1, "method": "resources/list", "params": {}}
```

## MCP Methods

### Resources

**List resources:**
```json
{"method": "resources/list", "params": {}}
```

**Read resource:**
```json
{
  "method": "resources/read",
  "params": {
    "uri": "prompt://communication-writing/write-professional-email"
  }
}
```

### Prompts

**List prompts:**
```json
{"method": "prompts/list", "params": {}}
```

**Get prompt with arguments:**
```json
{
  "method": "prompts/get",
  "params": {
    "name": "communication-writing/write-professional-email",
    "arguments": {
      "recipient": "Sarah Johnson",
      "topic": "Q4 budget review"
    }
  }
}
```

### Tools

**List tools:**
```json
{"method": "tools/list", "params": {}}
```

**Call tool:**
```json
{
  "method": "tools/call",
  "params": {
    "name": "meetings-collaboration/create-meeting-agenda",
    "arguments": {
      "input": "Sprint planning meeting for next week"
    }
  }
}
```

## Prompt Categories

### Communication & Writing
- `write-professional-email` - Draft professional emails
- `rewrite-for-clarity` - Improve text clarity
- `adapt-message-for-audience` - Adjust tone for different audiences
- `draft-meeting-invite` - Create meeting invitations
- `summarize-long-email` - Summarize email threads

### Meetings & Collaboration
- `create-meeting-agenda` - Structure meeting agendas
- `summarize-meeting-notes` - Organize meeting notes
- `create-action-items-list` - Extract tasks from notes
- `prep-questions-for-meeting` - Generate thoughtful questions
- `draft-follow-up-email` - Write meeting follow-ups

### Problem Solving & Decision Making
- `identify-root-cause` - Analyze workplace issues
- `compare-options` - Evaluate multiple solutions
- `decision-criteria` - Define decision frameworks
- `risk-assessment` - Assess plan risks
- `recommend-best-option` - Provide recommendations

### Organization & Productivity
- `document-daily-priorities` - Prioritize daily tasks
- `create-weekly-plan` - Build weekly schedules
- `summarize-long-document` - Create document summaries
- `brainstorm-solutions` - Generate solution ideas
- `write-project-update` - Draft status updates

## Configuration with Claude Desktop

To use with Claude Desktop, add to your config file:

**For stdio version** (`claude_desktop_config.json`):
```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "workplace-prompts": {
      "command": "python",
      "args": ["/path/to/mcp_stdio_server.py"]
    }
  }
}
```

**For HTTP version:**
Start the HTTP server separately, then configure Claude Desktop to connect to `http://localhost:3000`

## Architecture

Both implementations follow the MCP specification and provide the same functionality through different transport layers:

- **HTTP**: REST-style endpoints for easy integration and testing
- **stdio**: JSON-RPC over stdin/stdout for direct process communication

## License

MIT
